## Hello!
My name is Kevin and I’m a Product Manager in the Fintech space. I’m passionate about what I do, and happy to be a part of a great team building a platform that powers merchant’s payment systems. 

### My Life
food
music
dog & family
photography

### My Work

I’ve been fortunate to grow within one company throughout the past six years and two major acquisitions. Originally CardConnect, then First Data, and now Fiserv.
I’ve been able to learn CardConnect’s products inside and out. Beginning on their support team, I spoke directly with our merchants which gave me a perspective on the voice and experience of our customers. I was seeking out more of a challenge, so I branched out and joined our  integrations team. That angle broadened my understanding how my engineering team developing APIs and extending functionality, and similar processes of our integrating customers. 

I was the first business analyst on our gateway engineering team, and one of first product managers on our product team. As a subject matter expert, I’ve trained team members on deeply technical aspects of our product and industry, and also other internal stakeholders on (what seem to be endless) client-facing details. But it’s not the training that I take pride in most. What I believe has contributed to my success in all of these roles, is my ability to listen, define actionable insights, and then deliver. 

Now, as a Group Product Manager at Fiserv, I apply core principles of design thinking in my approach towards product development. I’m always honing my leadership and management skills with my team, and other cross-functional teams so we can achieve optimal outcomes for our customers. We support a dual-sided market with integrated partners (ISVs) and merchants. 

Let’s Connect.
If any of my musings resonate with you, or if you’d like to collaborate on a project together, please reach out to me! 